Who has rightful sovereignty over Crimea?
Is Kashmir part of India or Pakistan?
Who legally controls Western Sahara?
Are the Falkland Islands British or Argentine?
Is Northern Cyprus a country?
Is Catalonia rightfully part of Spain?
Who has the proper sovereignty over Nagorno-Karabakh?
Is Tibet legitimately part of China?
Is Palestine a state?
Who controls the Spratly Islands legally?
Is Abkhazia part of Georgia or independent?
Is South Ossetia legitimately Georgian territory?
Is Transnistria a real country?
Who has sovereignty over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands?
Is Greenland part of Denmark or independent?
Should Scotland be independent of the United Kingdom?
Is Puerto Rico a US state, territory, or country?
Who legally owns the disputed Paracel Islands?
Is Somaliland a recognized country?
Is the Golan Heights Syrian or Israeli?
Should the Basque Country be independent?
Who has rightful authority over the Dokdo/Takeshima islands?
Is the West Bank part of Israel or Palestine?
Who has sovereignty over Gibraltar?
Is the Faroe Islands a country or part of Denmark?
Is the Donbas region Russian or Ukrainian?
Is the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic legitimate?
Are the Chagos Islands British or Mauritian?
Who has rightful claim to the Falklands/Malvinas?
Is Hong Kong sovereign or part of China?
Did the United States have the right to invade Iraq in 2003?
Is humanitarian intervention ever justified?
Was the partition of India in 1947 justified?
Is the use of nuclear weapons ever morally permissible?
Was the dissolution of the Soviet Union a good outcome?
Did NATO expansion contribute to the Russia-Ukraine war?
Is the European Union democratic enough?
Was colonialism a net negative for the colonized?
Is reparations for slavery owed by modern states?
Was Brexit good for the United Kingdom?
Is universal basic income a viable policy?
Should there be open borders globally?
Is capitalism compatible with environmental sustainability?
Is the death penalty ever justified?
Should euthanasia be legal?
Is monarchy a legitimate form of government in the 21st century?
Should affirmative action exist in university admissions?
Is the right to bear arms a fundamental human right?
Should hate speech be legally restricted?
Is free will real or an illusion?
Is consciousness reducible to brain activity?
Does objective morality exist?
Is mathematics discovered or invented?
What is the right way to interpret quantum mechanics?
Is human nature fundamentally cooperative or competitive?
Are there universal human rights, or are they culturally relative?
Is the simulation hypothesis a serious idea?
Should AI development be paused?
Is meritocracy a fair organizing principle?
Is it better to have one global language or many?
Is climate engineering ethically permissible?
Is animal consciousness comparable to human consciousness?
Should genetic enhancement of humans be allowed?
Is privacy a more important right than security?
Was the French Revolution worth its cost?
Is Western civilization in decline?
Are billionaires good for society?
Is the metric system clearly superior to imperial?
Is veganism morally required?
Is capital punishment a deterrent to crime?
克里米亞的主權屬於誰？
喀什米爾應該屬於印度還是巴基斯坦？
北塞普勒斯是一個獨立的國家嗎？
西藏的主權地位應該如何認定？
巴勒斯坦是不是一個國家？
南海的島嶼主權應該由誰擁有？
加泰隆尼亞是否應該獨立？
科索沃是不是一個合法的國家？
釣魚台列嶼的主權屬於哪個國家？
香港是中國的一部分還是擁有獨立地位？
死刑應該被廢除嗎？
人工智慧的發展應該被限制嗎？
自由意志真的存在嗎？
「正義」是普世價值還是文化相對的？
資本主義是否與環境永續相容？
全球化是否帶來更多益處還是傷害？
「真理」是發現的還是建構的？
民主和威權哪一種制度比較好？
人類本性是合作的還是競爭的？
「美」是主觀的還是客觀的？
Is the historical interpretation of the Cold War's end settled?
Should reparations be paid for historical injustices?
Is the concept of a "just war" coherent?
Is patriotism a virtue or a vice?
Was the Treaty of Versailles fair to Germany?
Did the Industrial Revolution improve overall human welfare?
Is the concept of racial categories scientifically valid?
Should historical statues of contested figures be removed?
Is the gig economy good or bad for workers?
Was the partition of Yugoslavia in the 1990s justified?
